--- SPECIFIC BUGS AND FEATURES ---

Abilities.js:
	Add a 9xp Ability.
	Add a 6xp Ability.

Gear.js:
	Check all item Notes.
	Attributes: Figure out rules to specify weapon categories that attributes qualify for.
	Ranged: Finish `Military` Ranged Weapons, .reg = `G` for `Government`?
	Storage: Unit conversions still need work.
	Pepper Spray takes time to start working but lasts 15 to 30 mins

Reference:
	Put Expand/Collapse All button on reference.
	Put Search bar on Ref page.

Combat:
	Grappling
		Step 1: Grab
			Defender can't move
			Attacker can ATK, DEF, MOV
		Step 2: Restrain
			Defender can't move or ATK/DEF
			Attacker can ATK, DEF (Hostage), or MOV
		Step 3: Pin
			Defender can't ATK, DEF, or MOV (Prone)
			Attacker can ATK
		Attack Options while Grappling
			MATK w/ 1h weapon
			RATK w/ 1h weapon
			Throw
			Grapple +1 Step
			Unarmed ATK
			Disarm
			Trip
			Called Shot
			Choke
			Break
		Roll UMATK vs Dodge or Block(Unarmed) to Grab as an action. From Grab you may spend another action to upgrade to Restrain and another to Pin. Grappled opponent spends action and rolls Melee vs Melee to degrade Grapple by -1 step. They may also ATK if they are only Grabbed.
		When you have Succeeded at a Grab, you get a bonus to any ATK made against the grappled opponent equal to your MATK roll - their DEF. If they attempt to escape but fail, readjust your bonus to be your most recent Grapple roll to maintain the grab - their failed escape roll. As an action while grappling, you may attempt to improve your grip and position by making another Melee vs Melee roll with your Success bonus. The result is your new Grapple Difficulty for the enemy to escape. If you fail, the enemy has moved 1 step up on the grapple scale toward escape. A grappled enemy must succeed on a grapple check to move 1 step up the grapple scale. A success while grabbed means escape. A fail readjusts the grapple bonus to be the difference between your roll and the attacker. When you succeed while grabbed, you may forego escape to use your roll to reverse the grapple and grab the attacker instead.

--- BRAINSTORMING ---

- Bonus XP each session? Some is given by Narrator. Some points are allocated by vote by the Team. Some of these are auto-calculated by the system like badges (most damage, etc).

- Adaptive Skill Points: Normal Skill points are permanent once assigned. You have Adaptive Skill points = Brains as additional Skill points that can be moved around at a rate of 1 per week. This replaces the current Floating Skills rules. Also, remove Floating Traits. Normal Skill Points = B x 3. Adaptive Skill Points = B x 3. Maybe 5 and 6 cost more? Maybe Adaptive Skills only = B x 1?

- Maybe have a Hard Headed like Ability to negate Arm or Leg Called Shots?

- What kind of Abilities could I make to deal with Trauma/Psyche?

- Change all lime to white and use a filter layer that goes from green>yellow>red to reflect character health?
- Likewise set a blur effect that reflects the character psyche?